the first thing that you've got to do if you're trying to write an evaluation
on somebody who's really deserving is you first. Gotta figure
out who's the audience that you're writing this four and who's gonna
be looking at it because different audiences they're gonna be reading
this evaluation are gonna be looking for different things as well
as where that person is actually in their career. You know, an individual
who's any four. There's certain expectations that they should
be achieving certain qualities. Qualifications or milestones at that
level is any four is opposed to when somebody's saying EA six, they
should probably already have certain things achieved. Now we're
looking at them a little bit differently. So you need to understand
who your audience is that you're writing this evil for and right to
that, a za junior person that you're writing on someone who's probably
any three e four, even he five. You know, it's probably more technical
base that you're writing their evaluations on. How are they doing
in their job? How are they improving technically, as well as some
of their leadership skills as that individual moves up in rank, and
now you're writing East. Sexy vows and chief, he vows, and higher.
You know, what's most important now is how are they leading? How are
they having an impact on the command and the Navy is a whole? And
how are they professionally developing their subordinates and where
the achievements of their subordinates. So in a leadership position,
you know your success is derived directly from your subordinates success.
So if your subordinates aren't being successful than you're failing
as a leader. And so the way that you can show that an evaluation
time is by making sure that those things were captured in those
people's evaluations, as well as making sure that you're writing the
writing, the evil to the level of the audience is gonna be looking
at it.